Did you know that our bodies can survive without food for several weeks?
But it can not survive without water for a few days?
Drinking water is vital to maintaining our normal body functions,
Of course, taking clean water leads to a healthier and healthier body.
However, in our modern life,
All sources of drinking water are becoming increasingly polluted every day
To ensure access to pure drinking water,
We are glad to offer you
HomePure - Home Water Purification System!
The water filtration system should be of primary concern to you
When choosing a water disinfectant.
Today
There are many products
Purification and filtration of water using a variety of means,
Like,
Osmosis reverse osmosis systems,
UV,
And super filtration.
This HomePure uses an ultrafiltration system
Which is ideal for home water filtration applications.
An efficient system for the provision of clean water,
Without any possibility of contamination again.
It is also affordable
Where it does not need electricity
Or to regular maintenance.
Not only is HomePure manufactured in Korea,
But it is a factory of the finest ingredients in the world,
It also combines German engineering
For Japanese technical cutting.
HomePure also includes a system
Mechanical for high filtration through seven stages of filtration.
Each stage is nominated
Perform vital functions
To ensure the provision of high quality drinking water.
The first stage
Pre-sediment filter
Which removes suspended solid objects
Such as rust and sediment.
The second phase
Activated carbon block filter
Which removes chlorine,
Taste and bad smell,
Heavy metals and other harmful substances.
third level
Activated carbon ceramic balls
It helps to improve the taste of water,
It promotes absorption and odor removal.
The fourth stage
Bio-ceramics
It works to prevent excess free radicals.
level five
Tourmaline ceramic balls
It gives the water a delicious taste
It is a good source of fine metal elements.
Sixth stage
ULTIMATE FIBER FILM FILM
Ensures elimination of bacteria
And other impurities.
The final nomination stage
A silver-lite resistant to bacteria
Which is effective in preventing the growth of bacteria
And algae
By silver ions that move across the filter.
What does the HomePure Water Purifier offer you?
It provides you with clean water.
Maintains natural minerals present in water.
Gives you a better taste and better water smell.
It is the perfect choice for your kitchen because of its stylish design.
Does not require electricity
Easy to install.
Enjoy high quality water
From HomePure
Discover for yourself the wonderful benefits.
HomePure - The spring of life